New Game when Player is Present.


User Story:
As a USER, I would like to initiate a game of Blackjack.

Acceptance Criteria:
GIVEN I am logged in as a USER, my balance is displayed.
THEN the dealer should prompt me to place my bet.
AFTER bet is placed, a countdown of 10 seconds is displayed to allow any other player to place their bets.
WHEN the countdown reaches zero, the game begins and the balance is subtracted from the player balance.
WHEN the game begins, the dealer begins to deal cards to the players from the Active Shoe starting from the dealer -left to the right.
THEN the dealer takes a card (hole card) face down and value is hidden from the players.
THEN the dealer distributes the second card to the players.
THEN the dealer takes a second card which displays face up.
GIVEN the dealers second card is a 10 value, dealer checks hole card for an ACE. If ACE is in hole card, game ends, and table is cleared.
THEN if the dealers second card is an ACE, the insurance is offered to the players, and Yes/No option is displayed.
THEN dealer checks hole card for a 10 value. If dealer has 10 value, dealer has blackjack and game ends.
THEN If the dealer does not have blackjack, Player 1 is prompted to make a decision on their hand.
THEN player chooses play options until either they are satisfied with hand total, or BUST.
AFTER Player 1 is done, repeat until all players are done.
THEN Dealer draws until they have 17 or higher. If dealer has 22 or more, Dealer Busts.
THEN winning players are paid their winnings. The Game Ends, and table is cleared, and cards are discarded to Used Shoe JSON


The deck of cards is held in the Active Shoe JSON. 
When cards are drawn, they are removed from the Active Shoe and temporarily placed in Player array.
When game ends, all cards are removed from the player arrays, and dealer arrays, and placed in usedShoe JSON.

There will be several timers running to handle different functions.
    -- Bet Timer: 10 seconds
        - All active players have 10 seconds to place their bets.
    -- Player Timer: 60 seconds.
        - When its the players turn, the player has a total of 60 seconds to make their decision. If the time runs out, the hand stays as is, and then it becomes the next players turn, and the timer resets.
    -- Insurance Timer: 5 seconds.
        - All players have 5 seconds to decide whether or not to buy insurance.
    -- Database Timer: 30 seconds.
        - Every 30 seconds, the database is updated with player credits, (and any other data wish to be stored) so the information is saved for the next time they log in.
        - The database is also updated after every round.
    
